what is up everybody welcome to another
episode of Facebook live QA I am your
host tom bill you and I am here with the
man the myth the legend dr. finesse how
you doing
all right so Cindy is out of town today
she is off gallivanting having an
amazing time I hope in Vegas she got to
fly jets we tax full disclosure I am an
investor in a company but like that
airline is amazing so oh man yeah also
jealous it booked a flight yeah I know I
know it's time you going to baby dude it
is private flight experience for the
cost of a Southwest ticket it's not that
since there's no I said yeah so there we
have it alright but now let us dive in
what do we have we do in like a hey
share this and that whole thing well we
have instructions doctor finesse what I
just have I just have questions here all
right well let her say so welcome
everybody to the live feed and if this
content is adding value to your life
please do share it our last live we
broke records like twice in the feed
which was amazing so let's see if we can
do that again it all comes down to how
much you guys share it so if it's adding
value obviously if it's not feel free to
close your browser now and move on but
if it's adding value please do share
that would be amazing and we're taking
your questions so if you have them be
sure to drop them in I'm looking at my
man chase over there he goes through
looks for the most concise ones that he
thinks were going to really add value to
the crowd and he pulls them out for us
so your job is to impress chase with
your question and then we will answer
ANSWER Answer so alright without further
ado dr. Pinette take it away all right
first question from will collect all
right all right since I'm always working
during the live stream here's my
question for your next episode nice a
lot of recommendations for improving job
conditions are leaving a job assume that
we have full freedom in our choices what
if you're assigned long term to a remote
unfavorable location or with people who
have fixed mindsets sometimes it's going
to happen in the military okay
I was trying like is he in a communist
country no not he has a quick note he's
very proud to serve but it is realistic
that sometimes service members get jobs
or locations that most people wouldn't
want right yeah yeah no no I know this
is I wasn't sure if he was being cagey
about the service part or not oh yeah so
yeah Will's in the military and it's
actually a pretty interesting post that
he has which is that I don't know if he
wants discuss so I won't but certainly
very interesting so here's the answer at
the end of the day you need to lead by
example and humans are resistant to
change so don't expect it to change
overnight but if you are there you've
always got a choice right so you can
either give in to the fixed mindset and
the way the people are looking and
thinking negatively or whatever or you
can literally what I would do is take
pride in like I can be an island of a
growth mindset I can be in the middle of
a bunch of people that have a very fixed
mindset and I can still choose to be in
a good mood it is an awesome time to
practice not letting other people
externally mess with your vibe right
because you always have that choice
between stimulus and responses like
where the human existence is like where
you get to decide whether you're going
to respond negatively respond by
resetting yourself around positivity or
whatever so you can't always sway the
entire group especially not a group as
big and that has as much momentum as a
military unit
but you can lead by example you can hope
that other people see that whoa like
this one guy like in the face of you
know either the PT or all the negativity
or whatever like this one guy is
positive and people love being around
positivity that's one thing about my own
personality that I found is always the
thing that's allowed me to build teams
is I'm excitable I'm enthusiastic and
people want to my wife is tripping and
dying over here in the background also
clod-hopping which was an amazing part
of the beginning of our relationship my
wife always wore the biggest konkey
appeals and the apartment that I was
living in at the time like was an echo
chamber and so we'd get back at like
1:30 in the morning she got calm and I
was the manager so I was like oh my god
like the manager this clod-hopping
girlfriend is
waking everybody up so for those of you
that we're hearing her trot ago so yeah
that's that's really my answer with that
is either you sway people by being the
Bashan of joy and optimism all that and
you start to collect people that are
infected by your own enthusiasm or you
just practice not being infected by
other people's negative attitude which
will serve you very well as they're
inevitably going to be times where
you're in a situation where other people
are negative and and you either don't
have the time to change them or just the
the situation doesn't lend itself do you
know what a branch of the military will
certain I do but because he didn't post
it I don't want to sound like I don't
know and make them you know I mean so
I'm just curious because I'm sure you
remember but I grew up an army dependent
which is aka an army brat my dad served
35 years active duty whoa 35 years Wow
yeah so we were moving every three to
four years every three to four years we
were always moving I guess it was a
little different for my dad because with
me I was in school and I was doing it
with a bunch of kids who were in school
and you know kids are to a point if
you're doing that at that age kids are
resilient they're adaptable so it's a
different type of atmosphere like you
you were forced to kind of be social or
meet new people you want to mean because
you're going to school and you're
partaking in activities I can understand
being in the work environment that being
hard I mean I do I could recall my dad
he kind of he was always an introvert I
guess but I think he really really
became an introvert in the army because
he was moving around constantly so when
I think of my dad friends I think of my
dad and my mom right that's it my mom
was extremely social so she had friends
everywhere like at the gas station at
the store whatever to to talk to anybody
you know so but but still they kept very
much for themselves and they would just
stay home and things I didn't talk to
themselves but for me you know I would
always you know I was forced to be
social and
will plans on having kids or if you have
kids but at least I think for the most
part if he does stay in the military and
in continue can move around in those
environments his kids may benefit
because I feel God I could easily say
95% of the friends that I grew up with
they were all doing the same thing
moving around they are all the most
social and adaptable people hands down
and they can be a community in any
situation
so I guess using that answer maybe you
can apply that to yourself and I know
it's a little different because you're
an adult but that's a good is that
different doctors - I think it's
different because I remember me reading
this GQ article it was a fascinating
article it makes so much sense and I'm
sure you can weigh in on this the
article was about how men socially shut
down at around 22 and stop feeling the
need to make friends and most of men
have lifelong friends that they had in
either college or towards the late end
of high school depends where they live
but their lifelong close friends they
didn't add any absence 22 for the most
part whereas women could gotta become
friends with anyone and we see all the
time we see women like oh let's have
drinks so let's get together let's have
coffee
you know Nemean and women can say that
to each other but you really think guys
so hey man was helps copy men services
if they don't mills a guy you name so
this article profiled several men and
one man for example was a did some type
of business which caused him to move
from city to city and he'd moved from
New York to Chicago and he was miserable
because he couldn't make new friends all
his lifelong friends or friends that he
had in college but here he was in
Chicago he likes to play basketball but
just couldn't go up to someone blame
anyone go play basketball it was just
something there's something with men
that they can't adapt to new social
friends so to speak after 22 I mean of
course there are a lot of different
exceptions but sure who's interesting so
I think that has a lot to do with my dad
maybe even well you know you're in plus
will it's a military work environment is
I mean again just knowing from my dad I
can't really
waiting on it completely it's not the
most social atmosphere where you're like
hey I'm talking about having fun of
everything enough so I could M expand it
being a challenge so I get done that's
my my point I dig it I dig it
alright well the next question from max
G Milton Archer wow that's a name that's
named mataji Milton Archer if I can
assess amazing hey Tom what are some
quickfire tips for taking an idea for a
physical product that has not been done
to actually creating it and selling it
so basically how do you prototype it is
that how we're going to answer that
question so it really comes down to what
the product is so god there's a town in
China I think it's Shenzhen I could be
wrong about that let's not quote me on
that if this or national television I'd
say hey there's a thing in China I don't
remember what they did it but there's a
city in China that's becoming known as
like the the Silicon Valley of physical
products so it's like if you're looking
to get a prototype made like certainly
if it has to do with technology like if
your physical product was clothing and
it would be a totally different answer
but finding like what's that hotbed like
when one of the things that we'll be
doing ultimately from merchandising
perspective is socks and like turkey of
all places was like really known for
their socks okay
like who wouldn't own right but so you
go and there are different places that
have really specialized because what it
is is huge capital investments into the
equipment so it's certain equipment that
makes socks at certain equipments that
make hats shirts shoes right so and
different places are known for different
manufacturing types so really to give
you a very specific answer I'd have to
know exactly what the product is and
then I would just start doing research
online and trade shows are huge huge
huge so finding the trade show that has
to do with what you're trying to make
and going to that so because we're going
to be so heavily invested in merchandise
I went to magic and magic has a whole
floor that has unimaginable amounts of
square footage for different things so
like there's an area for shoes there's
an area for textiles and you know you
can go and figure out like okay if I
want to make
XYZ like where is that so I was looking
at direct-to-garment printing that was
like a big thing for me and so it was
like new technology 3d printing all that
stuff there's an area on the show floor
for that so I'm just doing the research
finding out what the trade shows are for
that identifying the region in the world
that's best at that that has the best
equipment that's going to be able to
give you the quality that you're looking
for or the price point which you may be
more sensitive to price and quality it
really depends on the kind of business
that you try to make but all the
information that you need is out there
online and at trade shows that's really
the long and short of it all right Thank
You max G Milton Archie assessments PFF
yes Stacy Smith as a creative I'm
curious about how the production or
support of original narrative content is
going to unfold I know from watching
past episodes that there are plans for a
studio but I'm curious whether that will
involve producing content that will
overtly fall under the IP manner in the
way paramount or Sony or Disney produced
content I will it be my backing overly
or suddenly creatives that are already
working on producing content that holds
similar values to that of impact theory
or both or am I on the wrong track or
neither
that station Chiefs uncovered a lot of
baby be there to do if Yad Peace Love &
music piece of music and before we
started we were talking about peace love
and definitely yeah I like that sign of
it but the range of music could make
that be somewhat of a collision so what
we're going to be doing is really so
what does the studio look like in the
21st century in a highly connected hyper
social world where the internet exists
and you can reach content creators all
around the world so we will be pitching
ideas to other production companies we
will be keeping ideas in-house we will
be acquiring the life right I'm a huge
believer in the following set up
acquiring the life rights to somebody
and then doing a fictionalized account
of their life but getting them to be
very active socially to build their own
brand to get out there and say look this
is me the story is sort of loosely based
in my life and it's a model that they
did with Entourage and and I haven't
seen anybody else really follow up on
that but I think it's a really powerful
model
that's the first thing that we're moving
on is there are three people right now
that we're working on finalizing
contractually that we want to get their
life rights but do a fictionalized
account the reason I want to do a
fictionalized version is it lets you be
more sensational it lets you exaggerate
it lets you tell a bigger story where
you can really see the themes and all
that and in the ways that people's real
life's don't line up there a little bit
Messier they're not it doesn't let you
take people on the the right kind of
roller coaster and then you're beholden
to the timeline of their life which
becomes problematic but knowing that
this is something that was inspired by a
real person that you could get to know
that person I think that we would
ultimately help that person do biography
or autobiography so you know okay this
is the real story here's the
fictionalized accounts here the themes
here the crossover points and so that I
think is a model that's going to be
really really powerful and in a hyper
social age where people are stepping out
front where personal branding is a big
deal I think people are going to want
that more and more and I don't know
about you but I actually have a harder
and harder time watching more and more
sensational things if it's not like tied
to something it feels a little bit like
I can't enjoy movies about magic and the
reason I can't is I know they're just
doing camera tricks and what makes magic
so powerful is that it's right there in
front of you and you still can't tell
how it's being done yeah so that like to
me is is I won't it's not exclusive we
won't only do things that are a
fictionalized version of a real story
but I think that it's a very powerful
genre that I think is only going to gain
steam so yeah ultimately because what we
have to balance is you know you look at
it is you look at a paramount whatever
they came up in a totally different time
when just having a camera knowing how to
operate it give you a huge leg up so
we're not living in that world anymore
so now what's happening is the studios
are just throwing more and more capital
at it so to be a big studio means to
have just massive financial backing so
that you can do a 200 million summer two
hundred million dollar summer
blockbuster and their ability to
immediately go from like nothing to this
is in you know thousands of theaters
worldwide globally I'm not sure why said
worldwide and globally those are the
same but to be able to like
that sort of infrastructure to get that
out there is really really incredible so
that's what they're good at so trying to
compete with them at that would be
suicide right where we don't have the
backing to do that and I have no
interest in raising the capital I want
to do this ourselves I want to maintain
creative control so I believe the play
is to go out to find creators to
essentially take what they're doing on
spec and make sure that they're rewarded
for that all the way through the system
so one of the big complaints right now
is if you're not a big artist you're
never going to participate in things
like merchandising rights so they lose
creative control they don't reap the
financial benefits so we want to be a
very artist friendly studio I'm saying
this to you you already know this we
want to be a very artist friendly studio
we want to make sure that it's
financially lucrative to associate with
us that way we don't have to do the huge
outlays upfront but that does mean that
we're going to have to enrich artists on
the back end and I think that's
incredibly powerful anyway because you
know paying somebody a hundred thousand
or even two hundred and fifty thousand
for an idea fraud and then that becomes
like a massive blockbuster and you know
we make six billion dollars anything
about what Star Wars did and untold
billions of dollars in analyzing rights
oh man that's like a special case
because he created all of that himself
and but you know imagine that that had
been submitted by a writer and then
you're like oh my god like this thing
that I created I have virtually nothing
doing and that that story is as old as
the Hollywood scene okay so what we want
to do is if you really know about United
Artists and how that went and how they
said look we're tired of being taken
advantage of we're going to come
together as a collective of a very well
recognized actors and filmmakers and
we're going to make our own studio and
then ultimately they implode but I think
there's lessons to be learned from that
and then obviously I've drawn a lot of
parallels to what Disney did and we'll
be leveraging a lot of that and I think
we sort of come full circle back to the
way that won't put himself out front and
became a Ito's to the brand and I mean
that's why we're doing so much social
content I'll leave it at that I mean I
can obviously keep going it's the
the central thing that I think about but
that gives people an idea okay it's
great Thank You Stacey
question from Daniel Brees katom
finished a mindset which is amazing
that's Carol Dweck right yes okay help
me figure out a new approach to talk to
my 10 year old sister but I'm still not
sure how I can show her that getting
control of her body will allow her to
get control of her mind is it just
leading by example or there more that we
can do well first of all it's a 10 year
old so the brain hasn't finished
developing yet so you're not going to
get very far with logic in your way
through that one leading by example is
going to be huge trying to leverage
behavior instead of trying to change it
so I'm gonna guess that hiding in this
is that she has a bad diet and that
she's getting into maybe a not-so-great
place physically so yes lead by example
show how much fun you're having making
sure she sees things that are
pleasurable that also happened to be
very active those are all big and then
most importantly I think when you change
her mindset that will echo in other ways
and I wouldn't overly obsess about the
body just having and I don't know like
what the relationship is because it's
his sister so but controlling the food
that's in the house is probably the most
important thing because if there's a
whole bunch of junk food laying around
people are going to eat it because it
tastes amazing and it has huge brain
chemistry reactions so the things that I
would do lead by example if you can
affect the food in the house that would
be amazing
don't preach but do show excitement like
show how delicious healthy food can be
show how much fun playing and being
active can be fine things that she likes
doing don't make it about exercising and
don't when she does something that's
really fun and she enjoys it physically
don't be like and see that's exercise
and it's good for you because then they
won the rubella against it because
you're trying to push them it feels like
a judgment to them I feel what you're
saying hey you're not good enough the
way the you are right and so you have to
be so so so careful of that so more
important is to don't say things like oh
my gosh you're so smart
amazing it's you worked really hard
that's awesome you got such good results
because you just keep putting in the
effort and man like this is really going
to turn into something and that's so
incredible well done for the process
right so and that's what Carroll says
don't don't reward the results reward
the process and so when she works hard
complementor on that don't say things
like you're smart you're talented you
know it's it's got to be about you put
in the work you did something amazing
because you work so hard and you were so
diligent you learned from that failure
and that's amazing that kind of stuff
and then finally like first and foremost
make her feel left make her feel
accepted don't make her feel judged when
like the people that venture the
farthest the people that take the
biggest risks the people that feel the
best are the people that have a strong
core somewhere a brother a parent an
uncle a friend whatever like when you
feel like you have a strong base then
you're able to go do things but if she
feels insecure everywhere if she doesn't
feel like anybody like loves her and
really cares about her and isn't trying
to push her in a direction like and if
she's rebelling against that now at ten
wait till she's 13 14 when her whole
life will revolve around pushing back
against people so you really have to be
way more subtle and love them like no
matter where they're at fantastic answer
fantastic question from jiminy Cabrera
you many I really I believe it's very
came down on that one do many sorry too
many human jus many
choruses Tom you said that networking is
super important to excel your business
I'm finally going to be diving in so
what advice do you have for that well
going to the right networking events so
going places where you're going to be
able to meet people who are like-minded
going to places where and because you
framed it in the sense of business like
what is your business who are the kinds
of people that you need to meet who are
people that are either playing in that
same space or tangential so that you
guys there's going to be some synergies
to that that's a big deal getting out
there getting over any social anxiety
that you may have I mean this is
literally to your
about making friends and not trying to
like get something out of every
interaction so the real key is when you
talk to somebody talk to that person and
this is this is really critical there's
nothing more obnoxious than talking to
somebody who's doing this oh yeah right
where they're looking like who's the
more powerful person in the room that is
this city in everywhere in the city it's
unbelievable that's not good it's human
nature yeah it's really ineffective as a
strategy literally I don't remember when
I heard about this but it was a very
long time ago I heard that Bill Clinton
doesn't do that like when he talks you
he's talking to you and even though like
I mean these are it's normally somebody
sort of that's not like on a political
spectrum right they're just a guy yeah
and so they'll be telling the story
they'll be like he was literally zoned
in on me like we were engaged like and
maybe we will only talk for five minutes
but it was like for those five minutes I
felt like nothing else existed there was
no one else in the room he was totally
focused on me and just thinking about
the human animal and how good that feels
like what an amazing strategy and so
that's a big one when when I'm meeting
new people when I'm networking when I'm
talking to somebody I'm talking to that
person and I just got off to the rest of
the world and it's like I want to get to
know this person and I am hyper aware
yeah I might be missing other
opportunities there might be somebody
here that could blow my business up that
could launch me forward but it is so
detrimental to the people that you're
talking to when you're always always
looking like it is it is play the long
game it is so much more important to
have the reputation of like I actually
care about this person actually want to
know something about this person I want
to learn about this person and to really
really engage with them like when that
becomes your reputation and sure maybe
that takes you five years to earn that
reputation like meeting after meeting
after meeting always doing that always
doing that always doing that missing out
on opportunities but let me tell you the
people that you connect with you will
connect with so much more powerfully and
so for real and they'll actually want to
because it will be a real connection and
versus if you're constantly trying to
find that person is the most powerful
person there when you get them and you
try to engage a it's going to be awkward
and the chance is that that person is
doing the same thing like looking
looking at you and you're not really
building a connection is extremely high
so don't try to like close the
billion-dollar deal right now today try
to be authentic try to actually connect
with people try to deliver value to
other people and know that's going to
come back to you in the most incredible
way in ways that you can't yet
anticipate and just be a good person
don't be a dick like right like that's
such an important strategy like be a
real human being and actually connect
with people some people forget that
though it's apps and when I see people
forget that I just wonder what what
happened and that's what Bill Clinton I
can attest to that I had the privilege
of meeting Buckland really yeah he came
when I work for Cavis tabs interviewed
him and we did it some hotel in Anaheim
I don't know why we ought to be trip
down to Anaheim
I remember for some reason we were in a
white limo so the what we were doing in
the white limo I think of some company
that worked at the show and today take
our white limo and we roll down to this
hotel in Anaheim and on tavis you know
he interviewed a lot of politicians so
we had a lot of important people come to
the show ex-presidents Acting President
and when I came to the show their
security detail Secret Service would
come like for two weeks before him could
show up probably two or three times and
when we scout the area they've got what
I need to put people they do background
checks on everybody I remember there's a
co-worker of mine I thought that what
she did but she could he could never
appear to any of these interviews
anytime Jimmy Carter become anybody she
just she couldn't be that Wow
what did she do is that for anything yet
so um so it was always such a big deal
and you never quite knew how to approach
them like a Jimmy Carter came like he's
very friendly but just so many people
around him when Obama came same thing
right while he was in acting Obama was
running so he wasn't acting present they
still treat him like that the plane was
the same almost type of detail and so we
were thinking Hillary saying when she
came same deal
so we were thinking okay this is going
to be crazy at the hotel second floor is
going to be on lockdown whatever so we
go upstairs to the room and bill walks
in and Louie you guys on our first-name
basis
okay my boy I said I like this boy
everyone calls him bill I don't know it
something about it okay what's up bill
but he walks in and he's with two Secret
Service guys that's it and those guys
they were so loose just hanging out and
I remember I was afraid I had a camera
that do I take a photo and no one even
asked Allen checked he went up to
everyone individually just like you said
every single person individually and had
something to say to you everyone and I
remember thinking I absolutely loved
that
after we loved that and I'm in another
quick segment another person who's just
like that say what you will about Tom
Cruise and again god I feel I can
name-dropping but I've met him three
times and it's the same deal every time
he will look you in the eye to the point
where you're like this guy's looking
into my soul it's a little crazy but he
takes the time to talk every single time
same thing when he came to Tavis he went
to we had a huge staff he was there for
probably two hours if he went to every
single person to say hi and have a quick
conversation every single person and I
saw the same thing happened once I was
at a Laker game and and I look and I'm
like mr. Tom Cruise and he's trying to
get a half of his back room where they
take the celebrities during halftime
card before the game and he was going
back there and there were fans in the
stands just going nuts to Tom Cruise I
got Tom Tom and and he always had
security detail and he stopped and I
swear to god it seemed like he talked to
the entire station she just kept
stopping I think he made it back to the
back like halftime was over this I uh
very starting bad because he literally
stopped and talked to every single
person and that's just how he is and I
you know again I decide the fact that I
I think he's a great actor no matter how
crazy people you know think he isn't
certain I won't say why but people think
it's crazy summary
he definitely is a personable person and
he will talk to you directly and treat
you like you're you know on his level or
he's on your level whatever and that
says a lot about somebody yeah so two
things to that one if you think he's
name-dropping now like you should spend
David's it's got Keith knows everybody
this is crazy it is crazy town how many
people this guy knows so trust me he's
not even begun to name-drop and then -
I've heard stories about Will Smith and
Tom Cruise doing that like standing out
in the rain out in the cold for hours
and hours and hours talking to any fan
and wants to talk to them I think it was
Will Smith that said the reason that he
and I are the biggest global stars and
this was back when they were like a fire
night he was like the reason of where
the biggest global stars is because of
that like that we're not being ushered
off we don't come in the back and leave
out the back like we go we meet the fans
we don't take a single one of them for
granted and that's part of what plays
into my notion of when I go speak I will
answer every question if I have to stand
there for six eight ten hours whatever
doesn't matter and the only thing I will
say is if they're doing it to with
me like because they know that I'll
stand there like I'm not like I
will recognize that and say alright yes
were but I mean I've stood I think eight
hours is my record of just standing and
answering question and and that's like
dude but so when Gary was on the show
Gary Vee he said name-drop yeah when
Gary was on the show he said like I
don't get this whole karma thing he's
like being good to people is a good
strategy like it comes right as just
crazy so yeah like going out meeting
people acknowledging them totally
engaging with them not worrying about
what opportunities you're missing just
really talked to that person just a good
strategy and it feel good as a human and
it just feels good this is good um you
it will party trick is is he has a knack
for remembering
really that's his party trick again
name-drop he came to savage twice and I
probably three years apart well I had no
effect on him I just look at his Batman
and took a photo with him was happy cuz
you know everyone loves with Smith and
three years later he came up it was like
it so Chris and I baby and it's so funny
I was going around telling people think
he remembers my name four years ago that
injury crazy yeah I missed one Booker of
Y used to work with who's been booking
for like 30 years
booking celebrities for 30 years he was
like oh that's like that suspend he
remembers me wow I wonder if there's
someone like you were in a year peace
for somebody that's good but he just
does it any but hey like you said it
worked well it worked I love that but I
noticed you remember names to like even
got jiminy I was like you Manny and
you're like Milkha jiminy
yeah well it is it's jus Manny you said
you mean be there I guess exactly I
guess I'm the wolf with the Tom Cruise R
Tambo don't like don't with that I mean
I am actually terrible with names and I
need no disrespect I won't answer your
question forever are going to have to
read tell me your name though it is an
unfortunate current limitation that I
have I haven't gotten good at that yet
okay okay those are something that I
would like to do alright well next
question from Eli officer it's a great
question hey Tommy what is your deficit
at me hey Tom what is your definition of
rock bottom and what are the advantages
disadvantages of being rock bottom is
self-loathing when you legitimately hate
yourself you wake up you hate yourself
you go to bed you hate yourself you wake
up in the middle the night because you
hate yourself like that I can imagine
much lower than that and so yeah like
getting to that point is actually
dangerous and so we've gotten to the
point now where people reach out to me a
little too frequently
saying like hey I'm I'm in a really dark
place and I don't know if it's worth
like continuing and my response is
saying
every time get help right now like you
are gambling with your life and that
scares me and and the the one thing that
I'm grateful for is I have a rule about
that so I have like no fear that that
will ever be a thing for me because a I
recognize that it's temporary very brain
chemistry and you may have wired it so
that it feels permanent but even that
wiring can be undone and if I were in a
state like that I would tell myself this
too shall pass I know how permanent this
feels right now but nothing lasts
forever nothing not good not bad and so
you have to put in the work to undo the
wiring but recognizing that when you get
into a state like that but you're you're
quite literally gambling with your life
to not go seek help you just you have to
have to get help but that's rock bottom
sounds like rock bottom oh yeah and
that's terrifying I mean I can hide
fortunately I can say I've never reached
rock bottom I don't think I have
especially according to that definition
some to scary thought that's for sure
question from Joe Lee hi Tom you
discussed harnessing rage with David
Goggins this rage clearly at your own
state of being and not rage you may feel
at another person other than yourself
thanks for lost rally ax it can be
either there's definitely times or it's
going to be outwardly focused and
there's what I want people to understand
is there's there's so much power and
certainty okay and certainty in not
being I'm sure being I'm sure is a hell
of its own but when you are truly happy
and full of joy right nothing's
bothering you just feels good there's a
certainty in that and when you're
enraged there's a certainty in that now
that rage can be aimed at you that rage
can be aimed at somebody else but the
it's the intoxicating nature of the
certainty there's nothing stopping you
from acting and because it's so potent
to get you to act that that's where its
usability comes from now you have to be
very careful and they can't ever control
you like there has to be some part of
you that sits outside the rage and goes
is the behavior that I'm unleashing
through this
age going to serve me because let me
tell you going up and punching someone
in the face almost certainly is a bad
idea
right so it's battery first of all so
now you've put yourself at risk to going
to jail being arrested so almost
certainly a bad idea but using that rage
to stand up for something to even if
done in a strategic manner to take
action immediately and that's one of the
things about rages there's an immediacy
to it so the rage is going to dissipate
usually very very fast and so taking
advantage of it to take action to do
something that's productive that moves
you forward in the Goggins example he's
really using it to go inward to demand
more of himself to push through what he
calls eating somebody else's soul but in
eating their soul like with the example
that he gave which I absolutely loved
was during hell week in in trying to
become a Navy SEAL he said he wanted the
the person that was putting him through
that to see how comfortable he was being
uncomfortable and that he would smile
through everything so that when you went
home into your comfortable bed with your
wife and kids that you were thinking
about how badly you wanted to quit and
that you know Goggins isn't thinking
about quitting and that in that in
seeing his superior will that he would
take your soul and I love that right
because he's not throwing punches he's
not lashing out he's not saying anything
but he's saying everything right by his
behavior by his action by being
indomitable by not allowing himself to
stop not even entertaining the thought
of quitting and that's really in fact I
just wrote it hasn't gone out yet I
think it goes out early next week but I
just wrote an Instagram post about this
talking about how the thing that feels
the best is when you know about yourself
that you have a willingness to suffer
and you have a willingness to keep
pushing through that moment where you
feel lost right where you feel like I
don't know what I'm doing like I feel
totally adrift I feel a sail that feel
under attack I don't know what to do and
instead of quitting which is what my
people do right because it's the easiest
solution is to back yourself out of that
environment that situation that's making
you feel like that and when you know
about yourself that you're going to push
through that when you know that you
won't back out when you know that you
won't quit when you know that you're
willing to suffer like that is
confidence that is knowing something
about yourself but when in your quietest
moments in the deepest recesses of your
heart you know you might quit like that
sucks and I've been there and focusing
on that unconquered that Unknowing okay
once I put myself in this like I may I
may be very careful about what
situations I put myself in because I
know that I don't care enough to PI do
whatever but once I put myself in that
situation I'm not going to quit like
simple as so you know even something
really simple like the three-day fast
when I went into it it was like it never
crossed my mind that I would quit really
no no way like it crossed my mind to not
do it yeah but it didn't cross my mind
to start it and then not quit or to
start it and then quit like you just
have to like have conquered that part of
yourself like once you do something like
you do it and you don't like bright
lines right you don't give yourself an
out so I had a very bright line with the
best mother like I am NOT eating
food period for 72 hours like it's that
simple like there is nothing
Kristopher there's nothing in the
universe that's going to make me eat so
once you understand stat line is that
clearly drawn then it's like oh wow this
actually sucks more than I thought it
would oh well because there's no world
in which I eat and so once people know
that about themselves like I know that
about myself when I draw a bright line
dude that's it so I won't be backing off
now I'm careful about what I draw bright
lines and not like a bright lines
everywhere like you really have to think
about is it's important enough and this
is something that's happening to me it's
all happening in the DM dr. finesse
where people be like a Tom you want to
take the mile a day challenge with me no
yes
I really don't hate on like come on do a
travelin no I'm not doing a
triathlon because I don't care enough
yeah right so I'm like what is it also
because you know if you said yes it's
you're going to do it you're like Lars
I'm not gonna quit come and do it now
exactly and so then it becomes like am I
willing to marshal all of my internal
resources to make that the most
important thing in my life no I'm not so
like and I don't have like I'm not
squeamish about that like hmm I'm not
going to do that it doesn't it isn't
interesting to me so once people like
really come to understand what's my
value system what do I care about what's
my identity who do I want to be what are
the actions and behaviors that I need to
do in order to live in accordance with
my identity that's when you start
putting the bright lines that make sense
that's when you're able to get to a
point where it's like yeah I'm not
backing off from this and that is the
real juice yeah you know we have a
couple upcoming guests you know I'm
gonna say who obviously but where you
had the flu and I remember Lisa was
thinking well maybe we should a cancel
or reschedule and you realize no I don't
cancel
I don't reschedule we're doing this yeah
and I remember they can like oh man cuz
I when I had the flu I'm Pam pay baby I
shut down man if I have the common cold
I'm a baby so I was very impressed as
like well this and I remember you know
here and you knowing that about you that
you have your mind set on something if
it's something you do you're not going
to step away so and yeah you did it I
don't know how you did it identity
identity like and it really comes in
this is a gift I really want people to
take and make a part of their life do
you know how good I get to feel about
myself for doing that so and that's
literally what I'm saying like okay
having the flu stuff and I remember ah
dude I did not want to get out of bed
and and I had one of those moments where
I'm like whoa like this is bad this is
worse than I thought it was gonna be and
how do I get going and so I was like you
just you put one foot in front of the
other and sometimes in life that's what
comes down to so I remember thinking
okay step number one you know as soon as
you lift the sheets you're going to get
that really weird chill sensation that
you and it's unique to the flu right
yeah because it's not a not even really
about being cold but from the inside
Neal
shivery and ja so or and so I was like
okay step one deal with that right so
put your feet on the floor get out from
under the blankets okay here it comes
and it's like oh god that sucks and then
it was like okay I need to pee right so
just be and it was just that it was like
one foot one foot in front of the other
and uh yeah
so I know what the only thing that
scared me was when I was losing my voice
I was like do I do like I actually
can't talk and it was happening in the
middle of the universe and I remember
one time to the first guest because we
hadn't figured out the T thing yet to
the first guest I was like oh I was
trying to blow my voice and I still
can't wait to see how that sounds
because get Bella weird I'm trying to be
all like nonchalant casual
I really never panic on the sidelines
really good oh okay touching my shirt my
invisible pearl like oh god I can't
breathe I was so worried I was like oh
my god by hey how are you still powered
it was hilarious yeah yeah happy man its
identity and so I just kept telling
myself like dude if you deal with the
chills if you deal with a fever if you
do the research if you show up and play
you get to feel good about that
and it's a cookie jar moment right to
use joggins language I was like this is
a cookie in the cookie jar I could be
able to look back and say I did it and
you know I mean I've got Jordan from the
flu game hanging over the fireplace and
all part of my identity that's amazing
alright so a question from Katy Jermaine
so I think that the political system is
broken I'm sure a lot would agree what
do you think should happen what do you
think will happen and can you fix it on
the inside or a stain on the outside and
being an external body of change better
so this is the political system is
broken
so few things scare me more than where I
fear we're going as a divisive nation
and there are a few things I feel less
qualified to talk about than politics
so you're going to see me addressing
this in creatives this is why I'm
obsessed with Brian would anybody out
there that's into comic books look this
guy up I feel he really has a just a
super super important voice and I'm one
of the things that impact Theory tried
to do is get the rights to his comic
book DMZ because it deals with exactly
this near-term future America where
we're actually in the middle of civil
war and so his voice I think is is very
very important and very interesting and
would have loved to tell stories within
that universe we could explore like what
that looks like and but man at the end
of the day I don't consider myself
political at all like I come at it from
the human side like I want people to
realize divisive this is a bad strategy
it's a bad strategy
so like when you're trying to come
together as a group and really like we
can do a lot more as a group that's
focused together then we can when we're
divided like accepting that it's like a
marriage like at the end of the day
think of my wife one of us is Republican
and one of us Democrat it's not true but
I'm just saying like think of us that
way if that were true to have a good
marriage which we'll call being in a
successful country that's able to help
it people thrive and do well it doesn't
do me good to heckle her to try to trip
her up to want to see her fail just so
that my ideology is the prime ideology
but it doesn't make sense so like you
need to support each other and you need
to find ways to come together and what's
the common ground where do we make
compromises that make sense and just
yeah like that to me it seems like the
critical thing and because I am so
wholly unqualified to talk on the
subject I will just reiterate that but I
haven't looked at it closely enough to
understand like I guess it's because you
have to get reelected so it's like you
have to pander to the people that can
keep you in power so it's like ah god I
have zero answers I I don't spend a lot
of even though I say like it scares me
like to see how divisive we're becoming
I don't spend a lot of time thinking
about text I think it's each and every
one of us focuses on optimism focuses on
the beautiful things that we're trying
to make
true to go out and actually execute
against those and make them come true to
help each other to do I mean we live in
such a world where your access to other
people and get your ideology out there
and a positive and uplifting way has
been democratized so every day you know
we can do this kind of stuff and reach
people help people focus on the positive
help people empower themselves help
people take control of their lives
understand what they need to do
internally to be able to live what they
want I really think that's the answer
and so I'm a you know a one at a time at
scale kind of person so rather than try
to fix the system which I I don't
believe I I'm not yet capable of doing
that because I put absolutely no energy
into that because I'm so invested in I
so believe in building ideology in the
form of narrative and giving that to
people in a way that will help them
empower themselves and I think if enough
people do that that we can get passive
stuff that's sort of not sort of that is
my answer okay but it's very much just
sort of ignoring the system it's I don't
think there's a great quote and I forget
by who but it's the way to build
something new is not to focus your
energy I'm tearing down the old it's to
focus entirely on building the new so
I'm much more interested in focusing on
building the new which I believe you
know social media gives us a big
opportunity to get ideology out there
without any gatekeepers and I believe if
that ideology is actually real and it
helps people it empowers them and makes
them feel better then it will spread
like wildfire and I'm banking on the
fact that we will in the not-too-distant
future have millions of people following
what we're doing that there will be
millions of tens of millions hundreds of
millions of lives touched by our content
not just the social content but the
narrative content of that and through
the social commentary would be able to
help people extract the meaning from the
entertainment and that's really the play
and I think that's how you have global
impact sounds good sounds good I'm gonna
do a few shoutouts right now first from
Lee Ann Smith from k-town and then why
is it always Lee Anne from k-town
because we get Capetown in here a lot
it's always Lee Anne dude what's up land
mad respecting you and Mike Burkhart
what's up Mike Mike Burkhart
is a deep supporter yeah
from Florida and then loud Martin from
Baker so Jared I've Derek yeah yeah what
does he call Bakersfield oh god he's got
a name for an hour go man
where is Agent Smith right now Stan he
just out there yeah so when I forget it
his commentary I always thought Merle
Haggard country so I call it because
he's from they got it I go original II
from I don't comment I don't think he
was born there but he moved to
Bakersfield and he kind of created the
Bakersfield sound closely and then a lot
of people associate that you know West
Coast country music they tributed to the
Bakersfield sound and row Hagar is
certainly one of the pioneers well not a
lot of people know that you've got some
country in you oh yeah I love my country
music what's that festival you go to uh
well I've been to stagecoach but what I
get invited to is I have a lot of
friends in the country world of
Nashville and they come out to the Music
Awards Country Music Awards actually
technically it's Academy of Country
Music Awards in Las Vegas so since it's
closed I go up and meet them man and man
country people know how to party are we
selling anybody out to say that at the
country parties that you go to the
usually playing hip hop music no no I'm
sure I heard that was I there are other
people there right yeah I'm telling you
I went to an abundance of country
parties and I mean like artists parties
like their own parties and I was taking
how they gonna play their music you know
whatever no I'm telling you 99.9 maybe a
hundred percent it was hip hop like this
doesn't make any sense I mean okay it
don't make no sense it we were all
playing country I mean I hip-hop music
but hey worked out for me I guess got a
good bead manager yeah yeah dad but the
funny thing is if you look at a lot of
current country music specially the what
people categorize the country pop music
there is hip-hop and that popular
accessory music they do kind of believe
in you sound crazy to me right now
they really do I'm telling you take a
look
actually your body is a backroad or
whatever that song is everywhere zero
hip-hop about my friends I love it is
I'll pull up some songs and show
you there's bleeding and I was like oh I
get it
alright I get it alright David Diaz
he asked what did you do what did you do
when there are way too many distractions
taking you away from pursuing your
passions interests and you have
constructed so many for yourself to the
point where they have taken over your
daily life and seemed so ingrained that
you can't seem to think of a way to get
rid of them in other words you have
given them way too much misplaced
importance and they announced him
essentially questions like that are so
interesting to me because he has the
clarity he knows what's happening so
here's a new analogy that is been
worming its way into my mind you're
standing in a room there's a thousand
doors and people are paralyzed the
paradox of choice they're paralyzed
because there are so many options so
think of those doors each one of them is
an interest or a passion or whatever
what makes successful people successful
is Dell shut 999 of those doors and only
leave one and with like maybe there's a
little twinge of like sadness at oh man
I'm not going to be going through that
door like I'm never going to be a
professional video game player it's not
about that I'm never going to be an MTV
VJ it's not about that but it's like I'm
willing to do whatever revisions like
I'm doing back in the day time you have
I grew up yeah like so existed that was
good Jeff do they really not I'm time to
be in so many a time but I just wanted
to be I'm like what what is this it's
like some reality show or something but
if I'm using anyone that's weird it's
weird but yeah like shutting doors you
have to be willing to shut doors and you
have to be able to say this is the
priority and people are really bad at
that and I think they're bad at that
because they don't know the impact they
actually want to have in the world and
that's why I end with that question in
every impact Theory interview you need
to know that like you need to know what
that answer is for me I want to pull
people out of the matrix
okay well then what's the no
answer how do you actually do that it's
all about mindset so how do you give
somebody mindset right back to the ten
year old girl question how do you give
somebody mind says it doesn't want it
like they literally and I mean there are
people in my life I love so much they do
not want mindset and I know the
proselytizing doesn't work so you can't
go to them and preach it's not about
turning up the volume
it's about finding ways to incept them
where their behavior already lies and
you can go in and leverage the way the
human mind works to get them to adopt a
more empowering belief system and so
that's how we ended up in narrative but
at the end of the day it's shutting
doors like you've got to shut those
doors you've got to figure out what do
you care most about so many things that
I'm passionate about and I've said
before like there are so many things
that I'm passionate about unless I can
live forever and this is when I became
obsessed with living forever unless I
can look forever I'm never going to be
able to do them all let alone the things
that I'm wildly interested in let alone
the things that I find fascinating right
so it's like I'm in a room with a
thousand doors and I'm prepared to shut
999 then I I've never heard that term or
Fraser to say before about phrasing and
I love it that's amazing a room full of
a hundred doors and I've been doing
thousand or sorry you could really make
it difficult yeah you're the chef
managing man you madman and then walk
through the last one not something you
have to walk through the door it's
amazing is the visual itself i you've
heard me talk about this book that I
love it's this fiction book that came
out this year just happened this year
called dark matter at really amazing
author who wrote wayward Pines it's an
amazing book and it's about a guy who
gets trapped in this cube sorry this box
in each door like thousands of doors
leads to a parallel universe
and he's just trying to get back to his
life so you have to figure out what's
there to go through so that vision will
just reminded me of that I love that so
people probably don't know how obsessed
you are with like parallel universes
time travel all that which I love do you
ever see the movie the cube I think it's
called the cube yes I did feels like a
late 90
is indie film when indie films are
double theta yeah that was interesting
I'm quite an interesting as well you're
talking no it was fantastic and and I
feel like all those an indie film it's
something that could have been a
blockbuster today so it's interesting
why do you think that just the concept
it's I feel like a lot of people are
congested with the rock in it yeah yeah
I mean to make it a block low so you
kind of have yeah yeah I did you pick
your right our Kevin Hart and you're
like wait what's Kevin are doing energy
like this well both of them but yeah I
thought I thought it's fantastic
anything like that I'm just up fast what
I can't get enough of the thing I liked
about that was it was real ingenuity
right it was big one set yeah it's a box
oh yeah you show people crawl out and
then in reality they're just crawling
back into the same box but they like
change the colors a little bit
alright that's smart yeah and then it's
literally a feature-length film of
people stuck in a box talking pretty
well in memory of many Oh Twilight Zone
episodes
that's not sure I'm obsessive the toilet
really oh you have to wholesome like
episodes for me on watching oh yeah for
sure and you know each season was so
long you know like the average Network
show now is I think you know 20 to 23
episodes or 24 episodes and Twilight
Zone it turned out like 60 episodes the
field name Wow it was nuts so there's so
many to watch and they're all on their
own it's not Wow
yeah alright maybe if y'all watching
well for sure I will for sure a question
about the Gary Vee episode on YouTube
from Joseph Sabina it is that smugness
about my dissatisfaction that I often
get criticized for if not most of it how
can I avoid have an others think I'm
conceited maybe a better question is is
loving yourself fundamental to success
how can I avoid have another snake yeah
me too leave out a word not to ever
would have another snake I'm not
conceding no how do I avoid people
thinking I'm conceited but he said it's
the smugness of my my dissatisfaction
oh sorry I'm all mixed up you write him
okay yeah yeah
can you rephrase that Joseph I'm sorry
I'm butchering my question you know like
if I have them we may have to downgrade
them to mr. Soneji I didn't have to rely
for your doctor it is that smugness
about my dissatisfaction it's just so
poetic trip me up and then I also get
criticism for if not most of it how can
I avoid have another stink I'm conceited
okay maybe a better question is is
loving yourself fundamental six to
success yeah I think loving yourself is
super important but there's loving
yourself like quietly and and
manifesting externally is like hey man I
want to see great things for you like
I'm so chill with who I am and I'm so
happy about Who I am and one becoming
and like what I'm willing to do to
improve myself that I want it for you
too and like putting your energy into
empowering other people like if you're
doing that if it's external and what
you're doing when you're around other
people is making sure that they're
uplifted that they feel good about
themselves and and really putting at the
center of your universe that you want
other people to feel better about
themselves when they're around you than
they do when they're not around you no
one's going to think that you're smug
but if you're if you're actually being
smug like that's going to be read as
being an like nobody digs that
so it's just that he says it's the
smugness of my dissatisfaction that so I
get the concept because the thing that
makes me feel smug internally is that I
know that I'm Way more willing to look
at my inadequacies like just stare at
them raw
than other people because of that I've
been successful but I don't like go
around being like you're not willing to
look at your inadequacies like I am of
the bugger like I'm better than you like
because I know people that's such a huge
turnoff yeah so at the end of the day
like focus on putting at the core of
like you're being wanting to see other
people shine right when you can
legitimately enjoy other people shouting
like you're on the right track and it's
fine holes in the back of your head that
like take Tom Cruise Will Smith
Bill Clinton like they're giving an
inordinate amount of their time to other
people so on the surface you can be like
man like that's that's a bad strategy to
get something for
what you want like what your such a
powerful person you have to do that like
those people come to you but there's a
reason that Tom Cruise survived the
Oprah couch jumping thing because he had
spent probably I mean Christopher it's
got to be months or maybe even a year
years of his life shaking hands paying
attention to somebody giving them his
time so that in that moment those people
would go would you like you said say
what you will about Tom Cruise my
experiences have been positive and so
he's touched so many people that at the
end of the day it's like the undecideds
maybe thought he was crazy but all the
hundreds of thousands of people that he
had touched positively that said say
what you will but I've had only positive
experiences and I've met him three times
or whatever like they came to his aid
and he was able to come back and
continue to be just insanely successful
so holding the back of your mind if you
need to this is a good strategy right
like look when I'm there answering
people's questions I'm doing it because
I'm like we live in a time where I you
like I'm this is going to sound a little
icky for a second but we live in a time
where you can have access to somebody
who's done what I've done right if you
build a billion-dollar brand I've
learned like all these hard lessons and
I'm willing to go out there and I'm not
being paid I'm willing to go out there
and like spend the time and I'm doing it
thinking if somebody had done this for
me I could have cut years of suffering
off my life so what I that is what I'm
thinking in that moment is like oh my
god like how cool is this that this
person hopefully not everybody but this
person will suffer less because they've
met me like that makes me feel really
really good now when I'm there at like
hour six and I'm tired and it's
way past my bedtime and like I am
totally fine if there were no more
questions right but I'm like I'm going
to stay here and I'm going to keep
rocking this out sure there's a voice in
my head that's like and this is why
you'll survive a storm right like cuz I
know a storm is coming for me I know at
some point I misspeak I say something I
pissed somebody off and like a like
something happens that I was not
expecting and at that moment I know that
all the people that I've touched in a
positive
they'll be there for me so I guess that
it's a good strategy but that's not what
I have like in my heart when I'm
standing there talking to them that
isn't the thing that pushes me through
it's this person's life will hopefully
be a little bit better because I was
willing to stand here and do this and to
pay it forward and as a way of being
grateful to all the people like I am
literally the summation of all the
mentors and authors authors that have
been generous enough to put their ideas
out in the world and I feel like part of
what makes culture work is the
willingness to pay that forward so if
you put that at the core of your being
people will get it and and if you
actually just are insecure and you're
trying to cultivate smugness is a way to
bury and smother the insecurities people
are going to feel that so the the way to
not have people read you as smug or
condescending is to truly truly truly
focus on creating something beautiful
for somebody else it's a great answer
well we're two minutes past the hour
this is 1102 so I always forget is there
a cut-off climate oh yeah unfortunately
huh
all right well a lot of great questions
great answers thank you oh yeah well
guys thank you so much for joining us
these are always a lot a lot a lot of
fun really really appreciate it and dr.
vinet is always amazing to have you on
thank you so much for stepping in I'm
still convinced we've got to find a show
to do with you you so much fun you have
so many great stories and like a Santa
Clause magical bag full of names left to
drop the class so we we definitely have
to give this man more time guys if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe and
until next time be legendary
take care